1. Citizen - The pictures do not upload from the gallery or library
2. Agent – export report only shows recently reported incident. Need to have an option to select single or multiple tickets and export all
3. Agent – unable to click on individual issue to see details. This detail should also show the uploaded picture. if any.
4. Agent – The escalate button should turn red and the wording should change to “escalated” once the agent escalates that issue.
5. Tech Manager – issues escalated by the agent do not show the notes related to the escation. It only shows general agent notes.
6. All Maps- area map does not show. Only the issues show as is they are ploted on a graph. We should also be able to click on the issue pin to see actual location
7. All maps – buttons on the left side of the map are not functional i.e zoom in, zoom out buttons etc,
8. Technician – when technician clicks on the location icon, it should link him to google maps/waze, with location automatically captured
9. Technician and citizen– uploaded pictures should be removeable. In case a wrong picture was uploaded
10. Issues reported by technicians do not show in the history reports
11. Agent and tech manager – allow for live location tracking of the technicians
12. Ordering of parts is not defined to whom the request should be submitted to- will be mapped during integration
13. Footnote links do not work. Consider removing quick links and only remain with the support footnote. Alternatively move this link to the body of the page, if footnotes are problematic
14. Mayor – Dashboards do not pull anything when navigating through different sections i.e overview, department, and performance
15. Mayor and councilor – ward issues are not updating
16. Municipal assistant chat is inactive
17. Communication feature under support does not have an option for sending email
18. Citizen – create placeholder for payment of municipal services i.e water, electricity, rates and traffic fines
19. Admin – number of active users not pulling correctly.
20. Admin – function to change user status between active, inactive or suspended returns error message
21. Admin – create function to reset user passwords
22. In the login page , create function for “forgot password and  username”